README.md, before:

# What this is?

I was given a test by someone that involved creating a working frontend using any tools i wish. I've chosen react on the grounds it's quick, it's simple and i can show all my skills involving it. 

---

https://data.police.uk/docs/

The UK police provide a public API that anyone can access and use - they have certain rules surrounding rate limitations, that are detailed above. 

The challenge is to focus particularly on the crime related section - which covers 

Street Level Crimes 
Street Level Outcomes 
Crimes At Location
Crimes With No Location
Crime Categories 
Outcomes For A Specific  

The scenario is this: 

The Internal software that visualizes the following information above is not the best and the police require a front end dashboard that can interact with the following API, in order for it to be useful to the police, it must do the following:

Allow the user to enter in a postcode, or city area and then return all crime events within a specified date range (by default it is 1 year, maximum is 2 years)
Allow the user to favourite/highlight certain crimes and display them separately, this can be moved to another screen, or achieved on 1 screen as a filter 
Allow the user to compare different forces (see the https://data.police.uk/docs/method/crimes-no-location/ documentation) to determine which force has the most open cases, the most crime reported and the most resolved cases. 

Their is no user authentication
The application can be locally hosted

We can provide you with a repo to commit work to, or you can commit to your own repo. 

Those are the core 3 requirements. 

Some helpful hints -
The API requires longitude and latitude as parameters, not postcodes, you will have to convert postcodes to long/lat coordinates ( google should be able to tell you how to do this quite quickly) 
If you wish to use a mapping tool to visualize the responses, i recommend mapbox - they have a very generous free tier you can sign up for without the need for a credit/debit card. If you prefer to use something like google maps, i can give you access to our API 

There are no language requirements to do this challenge.

Commit message:

Included date picker. Updated Readme

README.md, after:

# What this is?

I was given a test by someone that involved creating a working frontend using any tools i wish. I've chosen react on the grounds it's quick, it's simple and i can show all my skills involving it. 

---

# Current Packages

- [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/)
- [create-react-app](https://reactjs.org/docs/create-a-new-react-app.html)
- [react-date-picker](https://github.com/wojtekmaj/react-date-picker)
- [mapbox-gl](https://github.com/visgl/react-map-gl)
- [esLint](https://eslint.org/)

---

---

# Currently On

- [ ] Text input and postcode to coords setup.

---

https://data.police.uk/docs/

The UK police provide a public API that anyone can access and use - they have certain rules surrounding rate limitations, that are detailed above. 

The challenge is to focus particularly on the crime related section - which covers 

Street Level Crimes 
Street Level Outcomes 
Crimes At Location
Crimes With No Location
Crime Categories 
Outcomes For A Specific  

The scenario is this: 

The Internal software that visualizes the following information above is not the best and the police require a front end dashboard that can interact with the following API, in order for it to be useful to the police, it must do the following:

**Allow the user to enter in a postcode, or city area and then return all crime events within a specified date range (by default it is 1 year, maximum is 2 years)**

**Allow the user to favourite/highlight certain crimes and display them separately, this can be moved to another screen, or achieved on 1 screen as a filter**

**Allow the user to compare different forces (see the https://data.police.uk/docs/method/crimes-no-location/ documentation) to determine which force has the most open cases, the most crime reported and the most resolved cases.**

Their is no user authentication

The application can be locally hosted

We can provide you with a repo to commit work to, or you can commit to your own repo. 

Those are the core 3 requirements. 

Some helpful hints -
The API requires longitude and latitude as parameters, not postcodes, you will have to convert postcodes to long/lat coordinates ( google should be able to tell you how to do this quite quickly) 
If you wish to use a mapping tool to visualize the responses, i recommend mapbox - they have a very generous free tier you can sign up for without the need for a credit/debit card. If you prefer to use something like google maps, i can give you access to our API 

There are no language requirements to do this challenge.
